What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates a .git repository inside the directory you intialize it in
	after which you can then start saving commits and use git functions on that directory which is now a repository. Do it so you can use git funtions to track commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	It is the intermediary area where you can choose what content comprises a commit allowing you the ability to logical partitio commits so that they make sense to the reader and yourself. Allows clean organization of commitsif 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	The staging area will show which files have been modified and added to be committed, you can then use git diff and git diff --staged to see what those changes were, if those changes make sense and can be logically labeled then they should be commited under said label if not then you can redo the process until you have a logical commit lined up for categorization

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	When you want to try new things but don't want to mess up any working version of what you alreay have it will allow you to make changes that could not work yet retain the working structure in the master branch. Would also show the process of a working code then experimentation and then once that experiment works or doesn;t work the reader will see if it was then integrated or not inot the master branch. Shows the logical history of your repository and whatever project you were working on.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	They show how branches refer lenearlly from thie rmost recent commit to either the point hey broke off the master branch or in the case you are on the master branch the point at which the first commit was initialized. Diagrams also show reachibility as an issue int hat if you checkout a commit not a branch you have disrupted the linear structure of the branching and this commit can not be found in the branch logs (this state is what is known as 'detached' HEAD state and the reason you get that message when you checkout a single commit) however the diagrams also show how when you use the git checkout -b new_branch_name fucntion you can then turn the non linear commit into a seperate branch which can then be tracked using git log

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	It merges two branches by checking the them versus the state of the file before the branch was created. Then based on what was added or removed the merge function creates a final file. It is repersented that way to show inheritance so that you can see whether they were merged together at a certain point and why.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Automatic merging is beenficial in that it streamlines the merge ad makes it less labor intensive however, there are some cases where merge conflicts arise and manual merging is required however, automatic merging does display when a merge conflict arises and then requires manual merging